>> Welcome to
another interesting,
fun episode of
"Interview with E.D."
Today we have Ana.
And first, before we get
into some channeling,
I'd love to hear a little bit
about yourself and tell us--
you mentioned before
you went to India.
There's lots of
interesting things.
So who are you?
>> Who am I?
Well, my journey kind of--
I started my life very
scientific, very logical,
not very in touch
with spirituality.
And when I was in
college, I really
started opening up
to Eastern religion.
And I was on track to
become a psychiatrist
and go to medical
school, so I also
had a background in science.
I started getting
really interested
in meditation research and
involved with meditation
research studies.
But slowly, or actually
pretty quickly,
I started to veer away from
the path of Western medicine.
And I was really drawn to India.
And I went there to
study Tibetan studies,
so learning about Buddhism,
Tibetan language, history,
culture, as well as Tibetan
medicine for a month.
And just when I was there, that
was the first time in India
where I started to have
experiences where--
it was a time where my
mind was opening up.
I was studying things
intellectually,
but I had a few
experiences there
that were really things that
I couldn't explain logically,
where I really
viscerally felt openings.
And for example, being in the
presence of the Dalai Lama
for the first time and just
crying, and crying, and crying,
and not knowing why,
and just having a sense
that there's something
so much greater than I
could understand happening.
>> So you met the
Dalai Lama in person?
>> Yeah.
>> Nice.
>> We got to ask him a few
questions on the various trips
that I did.
And then when I
was living there,
he would also have
public teachings,
where everyone in the town
of Dharamshala, McLeod Ganj--
the little mountaintop town of
three roads in the Himalayas--
everyone would kind of
gather in the temple.
And that was also the
first time I really
felt that sense of community
and just of everyone
coming together and
honoring like compassion,
which just really struck me.
And I actually found it hard to
come back to Western countries,
like I had reverse culture
shock, whereas India
felt so normal to me.
But at that time
I wasn't really--
it was more of a mental
opening, like my mind was making
space for spiritual concepts.
And I found it
really easy to relax
into the idea of
compassion and all that.
But things like
karma, past lives
were a little harder for
me to be on board with.
And looking back
now, I really value
that, because I see that
so much of our society
is in that place where we really
value science, value logic.
And I see that
compassion is something
that we all have in common
that we can all open into,
wherever we are in terms
of our experiences.
But it was really
once I came back to LA
that I started to
really practice,
like do spiritual
practice, and really start
to have experiences that
were blowing my mind away,
and where I felt like
I was going crazy.
>> What's a spiritual practice?
And can you describe it?
>> For a while--
I mean, I've always been
so resonant and interested
in every spiritual tradition.
So actually, a friend
and I were kind
of making a documentary
about just all
the different spiritual
practices that we were trying.
We were so open.
And we were going to start
in LA and travel the world.
>> Like meditation?
>> Yeah.
>> Or Omming?
>> I didn't do Omming yet.
>> OK.
>> But--
>> What is a spiritual practice?
>> Yeah.
So many different
types of meditation,
types of gatherings.
>> OK.
Fire ceremonies.
>> Yeah, fire ceremonies.
We did Arigato Zen meditation.
All different types of things.
But really, my practice has--
and I've done
Vipassana retreats.
And that was very,
very powerful.
So doing long periods of
just very simple meditation.
That's Buddhist.
>> And that's where you don't
speak at all for a while?
>> You don't speak for 10 days.
It's really a practice
of kind of turning
your mind into a laser,
and then scanning
through your physical body.
And it's kind of designed to
take you out of your body.
But what you're practicing
is neutral observation.
So you're really just
observing whatever sensations
are present in your body and not
judging them, which is really
challenging often for
humans, because we tend
to react to whatever
is occurring
with either a positive reaction
or negative, like a judgment.
So it's a practice that
requires a lot of discipline.
And those experiences were
incredibly opening for me.
The first time I did a Vipassana
retreat, a 10-day retreat,
I was floating for
three weeks afterwards.
I was just in a
trance state where
I was doing things intuitively,
and my mind had no--
I had no idea why I was doing
anything that I was doing,
but I was just in
a magical flow.
>> Like driving a
car and kind of not--
sometimes we go into our--
we're listening to the
radio or something,
and you just kind of forget
that you're driving sometimes.
>> Yeah, yeah.
Where your mind's kind
of just to the side.
>> And then 30 minutes to an
hour goes by, and you're like,
whoa, where did that time go?
>> Yeah, yeah.
And also, I felt like
there was a sense of--
that really opened me up in
terms of my intuitive senses
about ritual.
I was never someone who
resonated much with ritual
before, because my mind
would get in the way of it,
and be like, this is pointless.
>> Right.
>> But I just started to
notice that when my mind
wasn't involved, I would do
things in kind of a ritualistic
way.
I'd feel attracted to certain
things, like crystals.
My life became more
ritualistic in a sense,
but where it just
flowed that way.
>> So you sort of found
purpose in the ritual then,
as opposed to
before not having--
not seeing the purpose in it?
>> It wasn't-- it didn't even
really feel like it was finding
a purpose.
It was just like, there
was no analysis of it.
It's just like, yep, this
is what I'm doing now.
>> I see.
>> Let's see what happens.
OK?
And then just
incredible things would
happen, like I'd be put
together with people
that I was supposed to meet.
And it was my first
experience of really
being in a flow of surrender.
And being so mental
for much of my life,
it was really beautiful
to experience that.
And then my real, I
would say, shifting
was facilitated by
the deep inner work
that I began to do as I started
to study spiritual psychology
and have that
really be something
that I apply in my life in
every moment, which was a very
intense journey to begin.
So that started
when I was in LA.
>> In inner work, is that sort
of like finding out stuff about
yourself and programs, and
kind of undoing things?
>> Yeah, like really being
present in my consciousness
with whatever is occurring,
whatever I'm experiencing
in each moment, and actually
allowing any subconscious
material to surface, which
can be really uncomfortable.
>> I see.
>> So sometimes that's called
the hero's journey, you know?
In really addressing what's
there under the surface,
because really, the way
that I operate and I
see things is that we
do hold certain things
that are unconscious,
oftentimes, in our field,
in our consciousness,
and we kind of
attract experiences that are
designed divinely, designed
to bring those things
to our awareness.
And when we set the intention
to really become aware
of those things,
a lot of them can
be triggered quickly and
in very intense ways.
So I started to experience
that, where it was like,
everything's coming
up to the surface.
And at the same time, really
with that intention opening
up to so much
assistance and so much--
such a presence of
love within myself
and reflected through various
presences, spiritual presences,
and really began to realize
my innate sense of devotion
spiritually, which felt like
it had been cut off for so much
of my early life.
So it was a really
beautiful process.
And I think through that, it
was really setting the intention
to experience truth.
I would say that is
what opened that up,
and holding that intention
in each moment, which
is not always easy.
But I guess, I would say
that's been my journey.
And then learning to
integrate everything that's
happened through that, and
learning to be comfortable
going into the unknown,
comfortable going into
places that the mind
can't maybe understand.
>> And sort of doing this
inner work is when you said you
opened yourself
up to assistance.
Is that when the Octorians
and other beings started
making themselves known?
>> Well, I had heard
about "aliens,"
as many people call them, and
which doesn't resonate for me
as the term, and you neither.
>> Right.
>> I had heard about
it, and my mind--
I have a very skeptical mind.
So I'm always someone who
wants to experience everything
directly for myself.
And until I do,
it's not real to me.
>> Right.
>> Which I see as a
challenge oftentimes,
and also a great gift, because
I think a lot of people resonate
with that.
>> Right.
>> And so I had heard about
beings and things like that,
but I wasn't really
on board with it.
I was like, this seems like
people are just making this up.
So I was mentally--
>> Checked out of the
whole alien thing?
>> Checked out of
the alien thing.
And then I had a
friend who was--
but from the experiences that
I've had, I was like, well.
My mind was also
like, it's possible.
>> What kind of experiences?
>> Experiences of angelic
presences and just divine
intervention, and miracles,
and sensing that there were--
>> Other forces.
>> Other forces and beings.
>> Greater than what our
eyes and what people say.
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
>> And so then--
>> So you sort of got
contacted by angels first?
>> Yeah, yeah.
>> OK.
>> I experienced angels.
And it was cool when I
first kind of realized
that angels were assisting
me, because I could look back
at previous experiences where
even before I really believed
that there was a
divine presence,
situations where I experienced
a part of me ask for help,
like out loud, or maybe I was
experiencing a really intense
emotional state,
and I experienced
like a part of me asking
for help out loud, which
didn't make sense to my
mind, because who am I
asking for help?
>> Right.
>> And then so one example
is coming back to me,
where I was in that kind
of state, and just crying,
and crying, and crying.
And I didn't know why.
It was like so much
was coming out.
And I felt like I
couldn't handle it.
And I felt a part
of me ask for help.
And then I was kind of laying
in a bed, and I was looking up.
And I just experienced
just like there
was some presence above me.
And I was transfixed,
like I kind of
went into a trance state.
And I was just transfixed
by this energy that
felt like it was pulsating
peace through me,
and just like washed through.
>> Right.
>> And I didn't really know
what to make of that experience.
But then as I started
to have experiences
that I guess became clearer to
me that they were angels, then
I could look back at things
like that and say, oh, OK.
So the extraterrestrials
beings, I was very resistant to.
And I had a friend who actually
kept saying, I want to know,
where am from?
Where am I from?
I feel like I'm not from here.
And I remember going on a
hike one night up in Topanga,
actually close by.
It was a full moon.
And we were sitting on a rock.
And we were practicing
sending each other messages
without speaking.
So I would imagine
a tree, and then I
would send her that message.
And she would see what
was coming to her.
>> Wow.
>> And we're pretty good at it.
I was actually better at
receiving than transmitting.
So that was interesting.
But she was saying, I really
want to know where I'm from.
I want to know where I'm from.
And then at some point, she
was just like, you know what?
I'm just going to
completely let go of it.
It doesn't matter.
Whatever information
is meant to come to me
will come when
it's meant to come.
We were getting up to leave
at the end of that experience.
And I was like, wait,
there's something.
We have to stay for a minute.
And I got out my
journal and pen.
And this poem just came through.
And it was a poem to her
about being on Earth.
And it was incredibly beautiful.
I can't remember exactly, but it
was something about her being--
like kind of using the metaphor
of her as like a fire on Earth
and spreading this
energy, and knowing
that home was where she
was, and that she did
carry energy from another place.
And it was really beautiful.
We both just felt
the truth of it.
And I just knew
it was Pleiadian.
That was the first time that I
experienced channeling energy
from another place.
>> Interesting.
>> Yeah.
>> So Pleiadian's energies, or
at least the guidance to talk
about the Pleiadians
came through first.
And today we plan to channel
in some Octorian energies.
When did that start?
>> So that started on--
I started to feel Sedona,
and I didn't know anything
about Sedona.
I just started to get
visions of the desert.
And I went there.
And while there, I was
still kind of like,
all the alien stuff
is interesting,
but I wasn't expecting to have
any kind of experience of that.
I really wasn't having
any expectation.
I just was surrendered.
And I was there with
a couple of friends.
And we were just in a really
blissful, beautiful state,
where we were just
in so much gratitude.
And we were actually with
another group of people.
And they wanted to go somewhere
called Devil's Bridge.
And so we went there.
>> And you went
to Devil's Bridge.
You went to Devil's Bridge.
>> Went to the
parking lot of it.
And we were waiting
for everyone to gather.
>> That's a bit of a hike.
>> Yeah.
And we were waiting for
everyone to gather there.
And we started to-- we had
heard the name Angel Valley,
but we thought that Angel
Valley was just like a valley
where you go hiking.
But we didn't know
anything about it either.
And so we're waiting for people
to gather at Devil's Bridge.
And then all of a sudden,
I just had this feeling
like, we have to go.
We have to go to Angel Valley.
And I looked at my friend.
I was like, we have
to go to Angel Valley.
We didn't know why, but we
were just jumping up and down,
like ecstatically.
Yes, we have to go
to Angel Valley.
It was just so true.
And we both felt it.
And then all of a
sudden, we looked up.
And we start to see this cloud.
And it's like this
angelic presence that
was like manifest as a cloud.
That's what it truly felt like.
And it was just
kind of doing this,
and kind of really
transfixing our attention.
And then it after a
while just dissipated.
And I continued to look
up where this cloud was.
And my primary intuitive
sense, especially at the time,
was not visual.
And I haven't done psychedelics
and things like that.
So I was looking at this spot.
And there was this energy moving
into the center like this.
And it was just like pulling me.
It felt like it was pulling
me into another space.
And I was just going,
I am tripping out.
What is happening?
Are you guys experiencing this?
They're like, no.
>> They weren't seeing it.
And so I'm like, OK.
And they're kind of like,
all right, we have to go.
Let's go.
Let's go to Angel Valley.
I'm like, OK.
So we get in the car.
>> More visitors.
>> They're like, yeah,
we like this story.
>> Yes.
>> And we get in the car.
And I actually tried
to start driving,
which is not a good idea.
But I just started to feel
this ecstatic energy coming in.
And after a minute,
my friend Michael's
like, I need to drive.
You get in the passenger side.
So I get in the passenger side.
And I just start to
feel it more and more,
like an asymptote in
math, where it's just
like going up, and up, and up
more and more rapidly and more
intensely of just this feeling
of ecstatic energy coming in.
>> Something you've
never felt before.
>> I had never felt something
like that, that intense.
And I just started
screaming out the window.
I didn't know what
was happening.
I just started screaming
out the window.
It's real!
>> Wow.
>> I felt some part of me just
really acknowledged that it was
real.
>> You didn't know what it was.
>> I didn't know what it was.
But I do have to mention
that the night before that--
I had literally only heard
of the Octorians once,
but the night before that,
I went to a gong bath
and I kept hearing inside
of myself, "You're Octorian.
You're Octorian.
You're Octorian."
And I was going, no.
My mind was saying no.
And so when this happened, I had
a flash of a memory from this
bottle that I had seen
the day before that said,
dear activated one,
blah-blah-blah-blah.
And it was like I got an image
of that phrase, dear activated
one.
And as soon as I read
the word activated,
this energy just like
came through my body,
and came shooting
out of my hands.
And I was just experiencing
that, which was very new to me.
And also, words
started to come out
of my mouth about what to do.
For example, Michael saying,
should we go in here?
You have to pay or
something to go in?
And I was like-- it was
like, keep going, keep going.
>> Oh, to go into Angel Valley?
>> Yeah.
>> There was just
guidance coming through.
But again, at that point, I
couldn't even open my eyes.
I was in a trance.
I don't remember
what I was saying,
but there was guidance about
the moon and various things.
And so we arrive.
And my friend is pulling
me through the snow.
There was snow at the time.
>> Oh, there was snow.
>> In Sedona.
And we get to this cabin.
And I sit outside
on the ground, and I
feel them kind of let go of me.
And they're saying, you
can just be here now.
And I just-- the
first thing I hear
is my friend coming out
of his cabin saying,
there's a woman who wants to
tell us about the Octorians.
So I'm just-- we're
all just laughing,
and can't believe
what's happening.
And she just basically
tells us that, yes,
that we're in a place
where many of these beings
interact and land, and starts
telling us how the clouds often
bring people there.
And I'm like, all right.
And that was really the point
where, first of all, my mind--
it was like the tipping point,
where, OK, now this is real.
Now I've experienced it.
>> You've had the
full 3D experience.
>> Had the experience.
>> The trippy visionary
thing going on.
The clouds.
>> Yeah, direct experience
of, OK, there's no doubt now.
And that's not to say that the
mind didn't kick in after that
at times and doubt it.
>> Sure.
>> But that really opened a
whole other level of things
for me, where I started to
experience everything from that
point, where there was
another perspective available,
and another energy
that would come in.
And shortly
afterwards, I was asked
to do an activation
in Los Angeles.
And I was actually shown that
Los Angeles is a place that
is being activated,
and that there's
a lot of galactic
activity occurring.
So I started to experience
myself being part of that.
So it's really been--
that was the opening to
kind of a whole other--
I don't know what
the word is for that.
>> Operating system.
>> Yeah.
>> A way of doing things.
>> Way of doing things,
and realizing that, oh,
that's part of what I'm--
that's part of how I'm
being of service here,
is working with these
energies, and that I--
really realizing, having
awareness about myself,
and about why I've felt
certain things about being
on the planet, and how, as you
know, carrying these energies
and having--
however you want to
say it, whether it's
past experiences
as these beings,
or simultaneous experiences of
these beings residing there--
that it's a beautiful thing
to reawaken and reactivate
in terms of knowing ourselves
and knowing what exists
within our consciousness.
>> Reconnecting the networks.
>> Yeah.
>> So after that, and doing
the activation that you said,
so the Octorians have sort
of been a regular thing
in your life now?
>> Yeah.
And sometimes it will
be more intensified.
It'll kind of turn on more.
And then sometimes
it will back off.
But what I experience
is often that it's
almost like serving as an
antenna for this energy
and helping to bring
it to the planet.
So actually like seeding
the energy on the planet
in a sense.
For example, I've found myself--
often, I'm magnetized
to certain places.
And then I recognize
that there's
like a seeding of energy
happening in that place,
as well as assisting with
others who kind of, in a sense,
have the resonance
with this energy
to reactivate it within them.
>> Cool.
>> So yeah.
>> That's what we're
doing here today.
>> Yeah.
>> Activating and
connecting to that energy.
>> Yes.
>> Can we start doing
some of that now?
Do you feel pretty good?
>> Yeah.
>> OK.
Cool.